from zero target trader in 30 days.
[music] We are at day 25. By now, I hope
three things are clear. First, sitting
[music] in front of screens, clicking
buttons. It is done when your computer
can trade for you with way more [music]
consistency. Second, I can't code is not
an excuse because thanks to AI, you can
build and encode strategies following
the right process. [music] Third, we
don't trade anything that hasn't been
tested, optimized, and validated.
[music] And this strategy is simple,
even simplistic. But this is where the
journey starts. stopping trading like
the [music] 99% of retail traders and
becoming extra aware of what you're
doing.